README.md, before:

iOS CircleProgressView 
======

This control will allow a user to use code instantiated or interface builder to create and render a circle progress view.
 
This repository is referenced in the blog post: <a href="http://www.cardinalsolutions.com/cardinal/blog/mobile/2014/10/ios_circleprogressvi.html">iOS CircleProgressView</a>

NOTE: There is an Objective-C version of the control in this project as well. Cocopods however will only pull the swift project. If you need to integrate the Obj-C version, that is not supported at this time. May add a new podspec for that if someone wants to create a pull request for that feature.

Features
------

* Increase or decreasing progress changes.
* Variable track width.
* Track image optional.
* Track background color.
* Track fill color.
* Track border color.
* Track border width.
* Center fill color.
* Center fill image.

Requirements
-------

XCode 6
Swift
iOS 7 +

Configuration
-------

* If you are using a swift only project simply copy CircleProgressView.swift to your project. Swift requires no specific imports.

* If you are using a hybrid app where you are starting with an objective c project, you will need to import the swift class by full name. 

```Objective-C
#import "CircleProgressView-Swift.h"
```

Cocoapods
-------
```
pod 'CircleProgressView'
```

Usage
-------

CircleProgressView can be used via code or interface builder. 

* If configuring via code, use the traditional init methods and properties.

* If using Interface Builder, CircleProgressView takes advantage of XCode 6's new 
```swift 
@IBDesignable 
``` 
and 
```swift 
@IBInspectable 
``` 
properties that allow developers to render and configure custom controls in Interface Builder.

Preview
-------

Interface Builder live rendering.

![Live Rendering](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CardinalNow/iOS-CircleProgressView/master/ScreenShots/ss_04.png)

Interface Builder control configurations.

![Controls](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CardinalNow/iOS-CircleProgressView/master/ScreenShots/ss_03.png)

App Preview

![Preview Simulator](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CardinalNow/iOS-CircleProgressView/master/ScreenShots/ss_01.png)
![Preview Simulator](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CardinalNow/iOS-CircleProgressView/master/ScreenShots/ss_02.png)

## Author / License

Copyright Cardinal Solutions 2013. Licensed under the MIT license.
![LOGO](https://raw.github.com/CardinalNow/NSURLConnection-Debug/master/logo_footer.png)

Commit message:

Updated Readme with new animation information.

README.md, after:

iOS CircleProgressView 
======

This control will allow a user to use code instantiated or interface builder to create and render a circle progress view.
 
This repository is referenced in the blog post: <a href="http://www.cardinalsolutions.com/cardinal/blog/mobile/2014/10/ios_circleprogressvi.html">iOS CircleProgressView</a>

NOTE: There is an Objective-C version of the control in this project as well. Cocopods however will only pull the swift project. If you need to integrate the Obj-C version, that is not supported at this time. May add a new podspec for that if someone wants to create a pull request for that feature.

Features
------

* Increase or decreasing progress changes.
* Variable track width.
* Track image optional.
* Track background color.
* Track fill color.
* Track border color.
* Track border width.
* Center fill color.
* Center fill image.

Requirements
-------

XCode 6
Swift
iOS 7 +

Configuration
-------

* If you are using a swift only project simply copy CircleProgressView.swift to your project. Swift requires no specific imports.

* If you are using a hybrid app where you are starting with an objective c project, you will need to import the swift class by full name. 

```Objective-C
#import "CircleProgressView-Swift.h"
```

Cocoapods
-------
```
pod 'CircleProgressView'
```

Usage
-------

CircleProgressView can be used via code or interface builder. 

* If configuring via code, use the traditional init methods and properties.

* If using Interface Builder, CircleProgressView takes advantage of XCode 6's new 
```swift 
@IBDesignable 
``` 
and 
```swift 
@IBInspectable 
``` 
properties that allow developers to render and configure custom controls in Interface Builder.

Animation
-------

You can now update the progress view with animation using the new animated option.

Preview
-------

Interface Builder live rendering.

![Live Rendering](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CardinalNow/iOS-CircleProgressView/master/ScreenShots/ss_04.png)

Interface Builder control configurations.

![Controls](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CardinalNow/iOS-CircleProgressView/master/ScreenShots/ss_03.png)

App Preview

![Preview Simulator](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CardinalNow/iOS-CircleProgressView/master/ScreenShots/ss_01.png)
![Preview Simulator](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CardinalNow/iOS-CircleProgressView/master/ScreenShots/ss_02.png)

## Author / License

Copyright Cardinal Solutions 2013. Licensed under the MIT license.
![LOGO](https://raw.github.com/CardinalNow/NSURLConnection-Debug/master/logo_footer.png)
